hi friends Maron with into mobile today
we're going to take a look at the flow
app from a nine it's powered by Amazon
and it's a visual Search app that could
come in handy this holiday season while
you're out shopping so as you can see
works with books video games DVDs CDs
and barcodes and it uses visual
recognition to tie-in with Amazon's
back-end to help you find products so
this is mag it recognizes it's super
quickly you can go into this get more
information see other related products
all on top dive into that can I share
this with yourself with other people via
Facebook or Twitter if you're in a store
and you wanted to know where it was you
can actually check the geolocation of it
and then you can always delete it or you
can see your buying options
notice how floats along there I'm gonna
I'm gonna zoom in this time to make sure
you can see the effect it's kind of it's
pretty neat how it actually scans it
this is the taya piglet same stuff there
too what where it gets even more
interesting is with products that they
sell directly so you have a Buy Now
button on here I haven't signed in with
my Amazon but once you do if you have
your Amazon Prime or one-click buying
account purchasing a product to be as
simple as firing up the SAP pointing it
at the product you want clicking the Buy
Now confirming it and then it's on its
way for this content I'm not seeing it
but they were saying that there will be
other additional content in there too
like movie trailers or other things that
can help you with your purchasing
decision and as I mentioned for to work
with covers but it'll also as you would
expect from these Amazon products it
also work with barcodes
and it worked it will not work with
other products so there you go
neat way to help you shop this holiday
season that's the flow app from Amazon
thanks for watching